Two-factor authentication (#1210)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/security-two-fa.md

# Two-Factor Authentication

Using two-factor authentication verifies a user's identity with two methods, adding extra security to ensure only authorized individuals can access an account, even if the password is compromised.

> If you choose to enable two-factor authentication, at every login you will need to provide:
> - Username or email & password (normal login credentials)
> - One-time security code via app

Reviewer: (maybe)
```suggestion
If you choose to enable two-factor authentication, at every login you will need to provide:
- Your username & password (the usual login credentials)
- A one-time security code generated with an app
```

## Enable Two-factor Authentication (2FA)

To enable Two-factor Authentication with a one-time password:

> In the Hugging Face Hub:

Reviewer: No need to precise IMO (we're already in the Hub documentation)
```suggestion
```

1. Go to your [Authentication settings](https://hf.co/settings/authentication)
2. Select Add Two-Factor Authentication

On your device (usually your phone):
1. Install a compatible application. For example:
    - Authy
    - Google Authenticator
    - Microsoft Authenticator
    - FreeOTP

> 2. In the application, add a new entry in one of two ways:
>     - Scan the code displayed on screen Hub with your device’s camera to add the entry automatically
>     - Enter the details provided to add the entry manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the application, add a new entry in one of two ways:
    - Scan the QR code displayed on screen with your device’s camera
    - Enter the details provided to add the entry manually
```

> In Hugging Face Hub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To finalize the setup, on the Hugging Face Hub:
```

1. Enter the six-digit pin number from your authentication device into "Code"

> 2. Save

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the save button
```

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/two-fa/settings.png"/>
    <img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/two-fa/settings-dark.png" />
</div>

> If you entered the correct pin, the Hub displays a list of recovery codes. Download them and keep them in a safe place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you entered the correct pin, the Hub displays a list of recovery codes. Make sure you keep them in a safe place: they allow recovering access to your account if you ever lose access to the 2FA device.
```

## Recovery codes

> Right after you've successfully activated 2FA with a one-time password, you're requested to download a collection of generated recovery codes. If you ever lose access to your one-time password authenticator, you can use one of these recovery codes to log in to your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right after you've successfully activated 2FA with a one-time password, you're requested to download a collection of generated recovery codes. If you ever lose access to your one-time password authenticator device, you can use one of these recovery codes to log in to your account.
```

- Each code can be used only **once** to sign in to your account

> - You should copy and print the codes, or use "Download codes" to download them for storage in a safe place. If you choose to download them, the file is called **huggingface-recovery-codes.txt**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You should copy and print the codes, or download them for storage in a safe place. If you choose to download them, the file is called **huggingface-recovery-codes.txt**
```
(given the button label changed it seems)

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/two-fa/recovery-codes.png"/>
    <img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/two-fa/recovery-codes-dark.png" />
</div>

If you lose the recovery codes, or want to generate new ones, you can use the [Authentication settings](https://hf.co/settings/authentication) page.

## Regenerate two-factor authentication recovery codes

To regenerate 2FA recovery codes:
1. Access your [Authentication settings](https://hf.co/settings/authentication)
2. If you’ve already configured 2FA, select Recovery Code
3. Click on Regenerate recovery codes

<Tip warning={true}>

> If you regenerate 2FA recovery codes, save them. You can’t use any previously created recovery codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regenerating 2FA recovery  codes invalidates the previous ones, meaning you will not be able to use them anymore. We recommend you save the newly generated codes somewhere safe.
```

</Tip>

## Sign in with two-factor authentication enabled

When you sign in with 2FA enabled, the process is only slightly different than the standard sign-in procedure. After entering your username and password, you'll encounter an additional prompt, depending on the type of 2FA you've set up. When prompted, provide the pin from your one-time password authenticator's app or a recovery code to complete the sign-in process.

<div class="flex justify-center">
    <img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/two-fa/totp-confirm.png"/>
    <img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/two-fa/totp-confirm-dark.png" />
</div>

## Disable two-factor authentication

To disable 2FA:
1. Access your [Authentication settings](https://hf.co/settings/authentication)
2. Click on "Remove".

> This clears all your 2FA registrations.

Reviewer: Not super clear IMO
